Searches by URL for self hosted GitHub and GitLab on Launchpad (#3942)
gitkraken/vscode-gitlens: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixes [#3940](https://github.com/gitkraken/vscode-gitlens/issues/3940) - Commit Details: issue autolinks can disappear after enrichment
- Fixes [#4035](https://github.com/gitkraken/vscode-gitlens/issues/4035) - Repo is lost when "Generate commit" is requested

#### Added

> - Searches by URL for self hosted GitHub and GitLab on Launchpad

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds the ability to search for GitHub Enterprise and GitLab Self-Managed pull requests by URL in the main step of Launchpad
```

Author: fixed
